apps sc: falco alert group-by (#706)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Reworked configuration handling to use a common config in addition to the service and workload configs. This is handled in the same way as the sc and wc configs, meaning it is split between a default and an override config. Running `init` will update this configuration structure, update and regenerate any missing configs, as well as merge common options from sc and wc overrides into the common override.
- Updated fluentd config to adhere better with upsream configuration
- Fluentd now logs reasons for 400 errors from elasticsearch

> - 'rule' was added in Falco alerts group-by parameter

Reviewer: I guess this one needs to be updated as well

- increased the influxDB pvc size [#739](https://github.com/elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps/pull/739)
- Exposed velero's backup timetolive for both sc and wc.
- disabled internal database for InfluxDB

> - Alertmanager group-by parameters was removed and replaced by an empty list

Reviewer: Since it's technically not an empty list, I would rather have something like
```suggestion
- Alertmanager group-by parameters was removed and replaced by the special value `...`
    See https://github.com/prometheus/alertmanager/blob/ec83f71/docs/configuration.md#route for more information
```
